hey how you doing this is jonathan
escotto also known as b-boy xcel on
behalf of expert village and today we're
showing you breaking tips alright now
we're gonna talk a little bit about what
we call a hang glide as smooth was made
famous but a lot of famous b-boys out
there now this is a pretty good move to
learn very stylized adds a little bit of
flavor into your move okay now I'm gonna
show you what a hang glider looks like
first okay
sawed off from here looks something like
this okay that's a hang glide now it's a
penny on the type of floor you're on you
can get more rotations okay this is a
rough floor so on the wood floor
linoleum you probably get two or three
rotations easier than that and if it's a
rough floor you can use a glove or
whatever floats your boat to help you
spin okay now I'm going to demonstrate
the move the easiest method to get into
it that I find it's right out from here
we can get into it any way you want okay
now from here I'm going off my right
hand so what I'm gonna do from here is
I'm gonna put my right foot down here
and pull my heel down the floor I'm
gonna go into it here like I'm doing the
freeze twist now from here once I put my
left hand down my right hand is gonna
come in with the stab again now this
time once I come into the freeze I'm
gonna let my moment' to take me so I
turned all the way around now the trick
to this move is when you put your wrist
down you don't let your fingers stay on
the ground your fingers when they here
have to stay up so that they allow you
to spin similar to this you don't want
to do this because it causes more
friction okay so let's try it slow okay
from here we're gonna go one two three
okay and the more you try it the more
rotations do you'll be able to go now
you want to place your legs as you're
spinning in a position that you can
balance yourself out whether it be
straight side to side whatever works for
you
let's try it again this is what still
look like I'm the dual pull-up okay I'm
here okay that's a hang glide